added new pylint rule to discourage the use of the deprecated`StatusModel`. (#26)
nautobot/pylint-nautobot: tests/input/error_nautobot_status_field_instead_of_status_model.txt

> E4292: Declare status on the model explicitly with a `StatusField`, as `StatusModel` is deprecated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E4292: Inherits from the deprecated StatusModel instead of declaring status on the model explicitly with StatusField
```
